src/docs/manual/03_task_exportEA.adoc, before:

:filename: manual/03_task_exportEA.adoc
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

= exportEA

IMPORTANT: Currently this feature is WINDOWS-only. https://github.com/docToolchain/docToolchain/issues/231[See related issue]

include::feedback.adoc[]

image::ea/Manual/exportEA.png[]

TIP: Blog-Posts: https://rdmueller.github.io/jria2eac/[JIRA to Sparx EA], https://rdmueller.github.io/sparx-ea/[Did you ever wish you had better Diagrams?]

== Configuration
By default no special configuration is necessary.
But, to be more specific on the project and its packages to be used for export,
two optional parameter configurations are available.
The parameters can be used independently from each other.
A sample how to edit your projects Config.groovy is given in the 'Config.groovy'
of the docToolchain project itself.

connection::
Set the connection to a certain project or comment it out to use all project files inside the src folder or its child folder.

packageFilter::
Add one or multiple packageGUIDs to be used for export. All packages are analysed, if no packageFilter is set.

== Source

.build.gradle
[source,groovy]
----
include::../../../scripts/exportEA.gradle[tags=exportEA]
----

.scripts/exportEAP.vbs
[source]
----
include::../../../scripts/exportEAP.vbs[]
----

Commit message:

Add parameter exportPath and searchPath to exportEA module
Sample Config.groovy and documentation updated accordingly.
Clean Filename in case it contains invalid characters.

src/docs/manual/03_task_exportEA.adoc, after:

:filename: manual/03_task_exportEA.adoc
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

= exportEA

IMPORTANT: Currently this feature is WINDOWS-only. https://github.com/docToolchain/docToolchain/issues/231[See related issue]

include::feedback.adoc[]

image::ea/Manual/exportEA.png[]

TIP: Blog-Posts: https://rdmueller.github.io/jria2eac/[JIRA to Sparx EA], https://rdmueller.github.io/sparx-ea/[Did you ever wish you had better Diagrams?]

== Configuration
By default no special configuration is necessary.
But, to be more specific on the project and its packages to be used for export,
four optional parameter configurations are available.
The parameters can be used independently from each other.
A sample how to edit your projects Config.groovy is given in the 'Config.groovy'
of the docToolchain project itself.

connection::
Set the connection to a certain project or comment it out to use all project files inside the src folder or its child folder.

packageFilter::
Add one or multiple packageGUIDs to be used for export. All packages are analysed, if no packageFilter is set.

exportPath::
Relative path to base 'docDir' to which the diagrams and notes are to be exported.
Default: "src/docs".
Example: docDir = 'D:\work\mydoc\' ; exportPath = 'src/pdocs' ;
Images will be exported to 'D:\work\mydoc\src\pdocs\images\ea',
Notes  will be exported to 'D:\work\mydoc\src\pdocs\ea',

searchPath::
Relative path to base 'docDir', in which Enterprise Architect project files are searched
Default: "src/docs".
Example: docDir = 'D:\work\mydoc\' ; exportPath = 'src/projects' ;
Lookup for eap and eapx files starts in 'D:\work\mydoc\src\projects' and goes down the folder structure.
*Note*: In case connection is already defined, the searchPath value is ignored.

== Source

.build.gradle
[source,groovy]
----
include::../../../scripts/exportEA.gradle[tags=exportEA]
----

.scripts/exportEAP.vbs
[source]
----
include::../../../scripts/exportEAP.vbs[]
----
